fix: che #20437: Updating a warning about community devfile registry regression on Eclipse Che hosted by Red Hat (#2118)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/hosted-che/partials/ref_about-hosted-che.adoc

[WARNING]
====

> The community-supported devfile registry has been temporarily disabled on the link:https://workspaces.openshift.com/[Eclipse Che hosted by Red Hat] due to a defect in the product. This devfile registry will be re-enabled for Hosted Che with the upcoming release in October 2021.

Reviewer: @ibuziuk If we don't commit to any date, would following work for you?

```suggestion
The community-supported devfile registry has been temporarily disabled on the link:https://workspaces.openshift.com/[Eclipse Che hosted by Red Hat] due to a defect in the product. This devfile registry will be re-enabled for Hosted Che with an upcoming release.
```
